Update changelog for 2.2.9 release. (#2159)
dotnet/vscode-dotnet-runtime: vscode-dotnet-runtime-extension/CHANGELOG.md

## [Unreleased]

## [2.3.0] - TBD

- Adds Automated SDK Installation community support for Debian : thank you @curllog for your help!

> - Fix issue with install scripts on validating the dotnet install.

Author: ```suggestion
- Fixes an issue with install scripts on validating the dotnet install.

```
